1. 3d chosen watchbox type opening animated in the invoice message
2. Some animation after paying the invoice
3. Redesign the broken-styled web site with 3d rendering of the watch for the user to see the watch and rotate it, while tweaking in right side
4. Redesign the initial page layout, what does the user see when first on the web site???? Smth wow??  1. Че хоч? Выбор часы или мерч(coming soon) -> to creating the watches
5. Redesign the overall go from getting to web site to paying and future visits: 1. Че хоч? Выбор часы или мерч(coming soon) -> presets and collections paginated grid < at left and > at right (can be skipped)-> to creating watches -> coloring the parts -> setting the box appearance -> payment 2. The whole way ui has back buttons and possibility to come back 1 or more steps back yet saving all the progress, a clickable progress line implementation with future steps disabled clickables 3. Payment effect when back from payment provider, saving email, telegram id and nickname, generating QR and alphanumeric receipt code for the admin (courier) to scan or input same printed on the box and on the watch back 
6. Redesign payment system making it Liquid Glass?)))
7. Sending payment receipt to email and in telegram bot as a pdf and as a designed email
Overall Liquid Glass design
 so workflow: getting all the 3d completely personalized and then implement stars payment from website to bot via deep linking all designed the same way, with theme switcher and all glass clickables should have Liquid Glass animation by themselves and when hovered depending on mouse position  TOKEN 8576299379:AAGBEJeybVncfNS9aAV7psZAPzmqhpgCfnY for bot and 
 Watch creation

1. Watchface (material, geometry, arrows, words/letters, )
2. Bracelet (material, seg/sol)
3. Serial number
4. Hands added/removed

Materials:
watchface:
Plastic
Metal

Bracelet(stripe):
Plastic solid
Plastic segmented
Metal solid
Metal segmented
Resin
Leather
Cotton fabric

Bracelet closing mechanism:


Geometry:
Square
Circle
Star
Drawn geometry

Coloring watch parts

Coloring should be as integrated in Liquid Glass as possible

I need the 3d model in left part to react when choosing it’s parts like the band, the watchface, the closing mechanism and turn the chosen part prespective and drag and rotate feature for the model

Adding custom watchface and background, putting skins on full watch and/or on stripe only (in coloring mode)

Changing watchface and stripe length and width
For watchface just show available sizes, for stripe same as well

All with Liquid Glass etc
 
 
Future visits are to see my orders and having order progress of shipping or if presale then presale countdown and watches left, we want to make 1000 watches each costing depending on materials etc but for this time no more then 20 stars in telegram yet the price is dependent on materials etc

 admin and courier panel:  admin creates couriers  admin has every order available and the user can also send cancel request and the admin can refund in admin panel, refund can be even without user cancellation, yet when refund confirmation there should be an input field for comment from admin can be left blank  cancellation should also have an input field for cancel explanation
Sending order changes to bot, email 
states controlled by assigned couriers and admin:
Payment
Cancelled
Order processing (paid)
Order shipping (paid)
Order arrived (paid)

Also there should be analytics: conversion rate, revenue, unique visitors, checkout starts, total orders, paid orders, cancel requests, graphs on all of this by time, seeing all the info about orders - emails, telegram id/username, watch configuration

For admin and couriers there should be passwords and logging in at /login as for ordinary users

Responsive:
Phones:
The settings for watches should be at bottom half
The progress bar should be in the bottom as well  payment screen:
The draggable watch 3d model and pay button deep link in telegram bot stars 

And before going to make your own watch there would be shown a grid of presets like so: 
￼
